right let's see up liquidations okay
[Music]
that is true but I did file a case
against you and they told me that they
is filed in shame I I assume you know
it's real I have posted legal documents
on the internet before and I have
answered questions about this before so
the fundraiser journey I'm just gonna
start I was gonna start by directly
answer your question I the money from
the fundraiser was directly sent by wire
transfer to the law firm the law firm
was paid to file a case against you that
is not a lawsuit that is a criminal case
okay so the there is a law firm that was
paid with the money from the fundraiser
I didn't even didn't even enter my bank
account it went to the law firm
Kissinger I'm not sure if I can hear you
or not so you say that again I couldn't
hear what you said okay I see I I assume
you can hear me during right
look there is a case against you there
is a case that has had multiple court
hearings already in Chiangmai
it's not a lie it's not a joke and you
know I mean I feel bad whew I don't know
why you don't know they told me there's
a legal process where they formally they
don't arraign you but they inform you so
that you have time to hire a lawyer and
answer the charges but you are facing
legal charges you are facing legal
charges right now for defamation and a
court in Chiang Mai Thailand and you
Jerry might I'm sayin this sincerely you
should hire a lawyer and you should be
represented I do believe you're innocent
until proven guilty you have the right
to have an attorney represent your
interests there it's not a joke during
Ryder
so German I don't know why you wouldn't
be aware of it but I've been told
legally they went through the process of
informing you and one of the reasons why
the court date was scheduled where it
was was to give you time to hire a
lawyer to be represented but you're
right it's not a joke and I wish the
best for you man but you should have a
lawyer represent you at the next hearing
so that is what has happened Jeremiah
Jeremiah look during rider legally my
lawyer has told me that you were
informed now I have no idea in terms of
the actual toy thora tease I don't know
if they consider that like I doubt that
I authorities use email but legally
speaking they have already gone through
the process of informing you the next
court hearing so these are hearings not
trials generally I assume you don't
understand the legal process in Thailand
there have already been hearings the
next hearing is on the 27th of this
month you should have a lawyer represent
you at the hearing and dude I'm being
honest to you in a sense I hope you're
found not guilty because it will suck
for you if you have a [ __ ] two year
charge against you in Thailand but
during later this is not a joke this is
entirely serious and during I have
posted paperwork on the internet Martin
Lewis has seen it everyone has seen it
so if you're ignoring during murder the
last time your letter please just listen
because I can't hear you in this
connection I'm being honest with you I'm
being sincere with you during writer I
have posted the legal paperwork and you
know even martin lewis lives in thailand
and he took it to people to translate
because it's all in Thai the legal
paperwork
it is a real case against you I'm not
saying this with any [ __ ] malice but
during writer I have been telling the
truth all along when I showed you my
passport it was real when I showed you
my criminal record it was real and when
I showed you the paperwork that tells
you there were a real criminal charges
against you in Thailand that was real so
please hire a lawyer go to the
courthouse in Chiang Mai
get the records and have legal
representation there to say that you're
innocent because it's not a joke and I I
don't think you'll end up in jail but if
you have criminal charges against you in
Thailand I assume you'll never be able
to go to Thailand again
assume you'll just have to avoid going
to jail there but it's a real case to
matter actions have consequences
I have never been lying to you Jerry
martyr you lied to me and you've lied to
a lot of people but all of the paperwork
is real